---
layout: archive
title: "Talks and presentations"
permalink: /talks/
author_profile: true
---
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/bootstrap-icons@1.7.2/font/bootstrap-icons.css">    
This page lists only a selection of my presentations and talks. For the full list, please refer to my most recent [CV](cv.md).

- <span style="font-size:14px">Batur I., A. Mondal, V. O. Alhassan, K.E. Asmussen, C.R. Bhat, and R.M. Pendyala. <i> The Induced Demand Implications of Alternative Adoption Modalities of Automated Vehicles. </i> Presented at the 103rd Annual Meeting of the Transportation Research Board, Washington, DC, January 7-11, 2024.</span>
- <span style="font-size:14px">Batur I., V. O. Alhassan, M.V. Chester, S.E. Polzin, C. Chen, C.R. Bhat, and R.M. Pendyala. <i> Understanding How Extreme Heat Impacts Human Activity-Mobility and Time Use Patterns. </i> Presented at the 103rd Annual Meeting of the Transportation Research Board, Washington, DC, January 7-11, 2024.</span>
- <span style="font-size:14px">Anderson, S.M., K.E. Asmussen, S. Saxena, I. Batur, R.M. Pendyala, and C.R. Bhat. <i> An Investigation of Dissonance in Telework Frequency. </i>  Presented at the 103rd Annual Meeting of the Transportation Research Board, Washington, DC, January 7-11, 2024. </span>
- <span style="font-size:14px">Hwang, H., A. Haddad, I. Batur, S. Saxena, R.M. Pendyala, and C.R. Bhat. <i> An Analysis of Walking Frequency Before and After the Pandemic. </i> Presented at the 103rd Annual Meeting of the Transportation Research Board, Washington, DC, January 7-11, 2024.</span>
- <span style="font-size:14px"> Batur, I. “Impact of Covid-19 on Travel Behavior”. Tran-Set Webinar Series, Louisiana State University. August 3, 2023. [Link](https://transet.lsu.edu/wp-content/uploads/sites/16/2023/08/Flyer-on-Tran-SET-website.pdf).</span>
- <span style="font-size:14px">Batur, I., Dirks, A. C., Mondal, A., Pendyala, R. M., & Bhat, C. R. <i> Does Ridehailing Use Affect Vehicle Ownership or Vice Versa? An Exploratory Investigation of the Relationship Using a Latent Market Segmentation Approach. </i> Presented at the 102nd Annual Meeting of the Transportation Research Board, Washington, DC, January 8-12, 2023.</span>
- <span style="font-size:14px">Batur, I., Dirks, A. C., Pendyala, R. M., Bhat, C. R., Polzin, S. E., & Chen, C. <i> An Analysis of Changes in Time Use and Activity Participation in Response to the COVID-2019 Pandemic in the United States: Implications for Well-being. </i> Presented at the 102nd Annual Meeting of the Transportation Research Board, Washington, DC, January 8-12, 2023.</span>
- <span style="font-size:14px">Dirks, A. C., Batur, I., Mondal, A., Magassy, T. B., Haddad, A., Bhat, C. R ... & Pendyala, R. M. <i> Access to Food in a Severe Prolonged Disruption: The Case of Grocery and Meal Shopping During the COVID-19 Pandemic. </i> Presented at the 102nd Annual Meeting of the Transportation Research Board, Washington, DC, January 8-12, 2023.</span>
- <span style="font-size:14px">Magassy, T. B., Batur, I., Mondal, A., Asmussen, K. E., Bhat, C. R., ... & Pendyala, R. M. <i> Evolution of Mode Use Due to COVID-19 Pandemic in the United States: Implications for the Future of Transit. </i> Presented at the 102nd Annual Meeting of the Transportation Research Board, Washington, DC, January 8-12, 2023.</span>
- <span style="font-size:14px">Magassy, T. B., Batur, I., Mondal, A., Asmussen, K. E., Pendyala, R. M., & Bhat, C. R. <i> A Multidimensional Analysis of Willingness to Share Rides in a Future of Autonomous Vehicles. </i> Presented at the 102nd Annual Meeting of the Transportation Research Board, Washington, DC, January 8-12, 2023.</span>
- <span style="font-size:14px">Verma, V., Mondal, A., Asmussen, K. E., Batur, I., Magassy, T. B., Bhat, C. R., & Pendyala, R. M. <i> A Joint Behavioral Choice Model of Carpool Formation and Frequency. </i> Presented at the 102nd Annual Meeting of the Transportation Research Board, Washington, DC, January 8-12, 2023.</span>
- <span style="font-size:14px">Asmussen, K. E., Mondal, A., Batur, I., Dirks, A., Bhat, C. R., & Pendyala, R. M. <i> An Investigation of Evolving COVID-Era Remote Work Arrangements. </i> Presented at the 102nd Annual Meeting of the Transportation Research Board, Washington, DC, January 8-12, 2023.</span>
- <span style="font-size:14px">Batur, I., T.B. Magassy, A. Dirks, and R.M. Pendyala. <i> Future of Autonomous Vehicles: A Self-driving Revolution or Disaster?. </i> Presented at ITS World Congress 2022, Sep 21-25, 2022.</span>
- <span style="font-size:14px">Batur, I., A. Dirks, and R.M. Pendyala. <i>Changes in Time Use and Activity Participation During the COVID-2019 Pandemic in the US: Implications for Wellbeing and Time Poverty. </i> Presented at WCTRS 2022 Virtual Meeting, July 27, 2022.</span>
- <span style="font-size:14px">Batur, I., K.E. Asmussen, A. Mondal, S. Khoeini, R.M. Pendyala, and C.R. Bhat. <i> Sending Autonomous Vehicles to Pick-up, Deliver, and Run Errands: Sustainability Implications. </i> Presented at the Conference on Sustainability and Emerging Transportation Technology, Irvine, CA, May 31 – June 2, 2022.</span>
- <span style="font-size:14px">Batur, I., K. E. Asmussen, A. Mondal, S. Khoeini, R. M. Pendyala, and C. R. Bhat. <i> Assessing the Impact of Ridehailing Service Use on Bus Ridership: A Joint Modeling Framework Accounting for Endogeneity and Latent Attitudes. </i> Presented at the 101st Annual Meeting of the Transportation Research Board, Washington, DC, January 9-13, 2022.</span>
- <span style="font-size:14px">Batur, I., K. E. Asmussen, A. Mondal, S. Khoeini, R. M. Pendyala, and C. R. Bhat. <i> Understanding Interest in Personal Ownership and Use of Autonomous Vehicles for Running Errands: An Exploration Using a Joint Model Incorporating Attitudinal Constructs. </i> Presented at the 101st Annual Meeting of the Transportation Research Board, Washington, DC, January 9-13, 2022.</span>
- <span style="font-size:14px">Magassy, T., I. Batur, A. Mondal, K. E. Asmussen, S. Khoeini, R. M. Pendyala, and C. R. Bhat. <i> The Influence of Mode Use on Level of Satisfaction with Daily Travel Routine: A Focus on Automobile Driving in the United States. </i> Presented at the 101st Annual Meeting of the Transportation Research Board, Washington, DC, January 9-13, 2022.</span>
- <span style="font-size:14px">Batur, I., D.C. da Silva, S. Khoeini, and R. M. Pendyala. <i> How Will Use of Autonomous Vehicles for Running Errands Affect Future Autonomous Vehicle Adoption and Ownership? </i> Presented at the 18th IRF World Meeting & Exhibition, Dubai, Nov 7-10, 2021.</span>
- <span style="font-size:14px">Batur, I., S. Khoeini, and R. M. Pendyala. <i> Ridehailing Services Mode Substitution Patterns and Sustainability Implications: A Focus on Transit. </i> Presented at the How We Move Matters: Exploring the Connections Between New Transportation and Mobility Options and Environmental Health Virtual Workshop, July 13, 16, and 21, 2021.</span>
- <span style="font-size:14px">Batur, I., S. Sharda, T. Kim, S. Khoeini, R. M. Pendyala, and C. R. Bhat. <i> Mobility, Time Poverty, and Well-Being: How Are They Connected and How Much Does Mobility Matter?. </i> Presented at the 99th Annual Meeting of the Transportation Research Board, Washington, DC, January 12-16, 2020.</span>
- <span style="font-size:14px">da Silva, D. C., S. Astroza, I. Batur, S. Khoeini, T. B. Magassy, R. M. Pendyala, and C. R. Bhat. <i> Are Millennials Really All That Different Than Generation X? An Analysis of Factors Contributing to Differences in Vehicle Miles of Travel. </i> Presented at the 99th Annual Meeting of the Transportation Research Board, Washington, DC, January 12-16, 2020.</span>
- <span style="font-size:14px">Sharda, S., T. Kim, S. Khoeini, I. Batur, and R. M. Pendyala. <i> Development of an Integrated Model System of Transport and Residential Energy Consumption. </i> Presented at the 99th Annual Meeting of the Transportation Research Board, Washington, DC, January 12-16, 2020.</span>
- <span style="font-size:14px">Garcia, C., J. Armoogum, and I. Batur. <i> Immobility and Activity Levels: A Comparison of the United States and France. </i> Presented at the 99th Annual Meeting of the Transportation Research Board, Washington, DC, January 12-16, 2020.</span>
- <span style="font-size:14px">Sharda S., S. Astroza, S. Khoeini, I. Batur, R. M. Pendyala, and C. R. Bhat. <i> Do Attitudes Affect Behavioral Choices or Vice-Versa: Uncovering Latent Segments within a Population. </i> Presented at the 98th Annual Meeting of the Transportation Research Board, Washington, DC, January 13-17, 2019.</span>
